welcome back to secrets of the Masters
with chef Edie
Kim Shawn while we're waiting for his
first dish of the night
which is the patella and a cheeky panna
Dara he has another surprise waiting for
us which he calls century corn tuna mean
um well Tom I'm cooking with the new
century corn tuna and it's made with
delicious century quality tuna okay guys
did you get that yes it's really super
super good you know I tried it to be
honest I tried it for the first time
about two weeks ago and it's super let
me start cooking so you can try what I'm
going to prepare okay I'm gonna put of
course my chef's omega-3 and the d-18
that is really really good for you
because the omega-3 it's good for your
heart not only does it decrease your bad
cholesterol but then it increases your
good cholesterol as well yeah and the
DHA is good for your mind it's good for
your memory it it's it it's particularly
good for the development of your kids oh
so it helps the mind develop so there
was a study once that because the
Japanese eat so much tuna yeah that it
really helped their children in their
mental facilities so it's not just for
adults who aim to like lose weight or
wanna be healthy it's also for growing
kids correct century has quite a few
other products my favorite is the one
that's just packed in oil I like the one
in Bryan and water like the one in Bryan
yeah how about you Julie it's really
the vegetable is the best it's actually
a flagship product yeah the one in
vegetable oil says that's that's your
pure tuna flakes and compared to your
tuna in the US or your tuna that comes
from Thailand our flakes are really are
really small chunks and it's it's not
like the other two necessary to roll
yeah it's really chunky and sauteing the
onions and then after I stopped a the
onions I will put the potatoes and I put
out the tomatoes and then the corn do
that okay guys and now I'm keeping my
chili corn tuna okay aside from the
regular corn okay
now I put the white wine and a little
tomato sauce now what I'll do is put the
cabbage in water okay and then just wait
till they limp up then we'll just let it
simmer oil wrap it in cabbage then
simmer it in the tomato sauce
it's super yummy of the century corn
tuna dish
oh that is a good mix I mean a good
pairing no the garbage isn't too wilted
it's still got some crunch in it and the
tuna comes out very very well with a
tomato sauce yeah well if we can't stop
eating I'm sure a lot of the audience
can't wait to try it so please bring out
the century according to the dish for
the audience
you